Benchmark tools (#147)
scylladb-zpp-2024-javascript-driver/scylladb-javascript-driver: benchmark/README.md

Reviewer: Also mention how rust benchmarks differ from the js when it comes to memory footprint

# Benchmarks for `Scylladb-javascript-driver`

A file that runs all of benchmarks: `runner.py`

> The script compares the benchmark results for our driver, [cassandra-driver](https://github.com/datastax/nodejs-driver) and [rust-driver](https://github.com/scylladb/scylla-rust-driver). Inside it, you can set the parameters for the benchmark data. The result is a `graph.png` file that presents a graph of time on a logarithmic scale. The graphs are uploaded to the discrod channel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The script compares benchmark results for our driver, [cassandra-driver](https://github.com/datastax/nodejs-driver) and [rust-driver](https://github.com/scylladb/scylla-rust-driver). Inside it, you can set the parameters for the benchmarks. The result is a `graph.png` file that presents a graph of time on a logarithmic scale. The graphs are uploaded to the Discord channel.
```

> The script uses the environment variable `SCYLLA_URI` - ip address of the scylla database. Please remember to run scylla before.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The script uses an environment variable `SCYLLA_URI` - IP address of the Scylla database. Remember to run Scylla before.
```

For example:
```
SCYLLA_URI="172.17.0.2:9042" python3 benchmark/runner.py
```

## Benchmarks

Each of the JS benchmarks has an equivalent in Rust. For JS benchmarks, the `<driver>` parameter can be `scylladb-javascript-driver ` or ` cassandra-driver`. 

> Before running the benchmarks in rust, remember to build them with flags `--bin -r`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before running the benchmarks in Rust, remember to build them with flags `--bin -r`.
```

- **concurrent insert**

> This benchmark calls `n` insert queries concurrent insert `uuid` and `int` into the database. Afterwards, it checks that all rows have been inserted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This benchmark calls `n` queries to insert insert `uuid` and `int` concurrently into the database. Afterwards, it checks that all rows have been inserted.
```

> This benchmark calls `n` insert queries concurrent insert `uuid` and `int` into the database. Afterwards, it checks that all rows have been inserted.

Reviewer: And mention we check the count of the inserted rows

JS: 
```
node concurent_insert.js <driver> <Number of queries>
```
Rust:
```
CNT=<Number of queries (default 100)> cargo run --bin concurrent_insert_benchmark -r
```

- **insert**

> This benchmark calls `n` insert queries in a loop inserting `uuid` and `int` into the database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This benchmark calls `n` queries inserting `uuid` and `int` into the database in a loop.
```

JS: 
```
node insert.js <driver> <Number of queries>
```
Rust:
```
CNT=<Number of queries (default 100)> cargo run --bin insert_benchmark -r
```

- **concurrent_select**

> This benchmark calls `n` select queries concurrently taking `uuid` and `int` from the database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This benchmark calls `n` queries to select `uuid` and `int` concurrently from the database.
```

JS: 
```
node concurrent_select.js <driver> <Number of queries>
```
Rust:
```
CNT=<Number of queries (default 100)> cargo run --bin concurrent_select_benchmark -r
```

- **select**

> This benchmark calls `n` select queries in a loop taking `uuid` and `int` from the database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This benchmark calls `n` queries selecting `uuid` and `int` from the database in a loop.
```

# Benchmarks for `Scylladb-javascript-driver`

> A file that runs all of benchmarks: `runner.py`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A file that runs all benchmarks: `runner.py`
```

> The script compares benchmark results for our driver, [cassandra-driver](https://github.com/datastax/nodejs-driver) and [rust-driver](https://github.com/scylladb/scylla-rust-driver). Inside it, you can set the parameters for the benchmarks. The result is a `graph.png` file that presents a graph of time on a logarithmic scale. The graphs are uploaded to the provided discord webhook.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The script compares benchmark results for our driver, [cassandra-driver](https://github.com/datastax/nodejs-driver) and [rust-driver](https://github.com/scylladb/scylla-rust-driver). Parameters for the benchmarks can be modified inside it. The result is a `graph.png` file that presents a graph of time on a logarithmic scale. The graphs are uploaded to the provided discord webhook.
```

> The script compares benchmark results for our driver, [DataStax Node.js Driver](https://github.com/datastax/nodejs-driver) and [rust-driver](https://github.com/scylladb/scylla-rust-driver). Parameters for the benchmarks can be modified inside it. The result is a `graph.png` file that presents a graph of time on a logarithmic scale. The graphs are uploaded to the provided discord webhook.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The script compares benchmark results for our driver, [DataStax Node.js driver](https://github.com/datastax/nodejs-driver) and [Rust driver](https://github.com/scylladb/scylla-rust-driver). Parameters for the benchmarks can be modified inside it. The result is a `graph.png` file that presents a graph of time on a logarithmic scale. The graphs are uploaded to the provided discord webhook.
```

The script uses an environment variable `SCYLLA_URI` - IP address of the Scylla database. Remember to start a database before.

For example:
```
SCYLLA_URI="172.17.0.2:9042" python3 benchmark/runner.py
```

## Benchmarks

Each benchmark recreates the table before execution to ensure consistent and isolated results.

> Each of the JS benchmarks has an equivalent in Rust. For JS benchmarks, driver parameter determines which driver is tested. It can be `scylladb-javascript-driver ` or ` cassandra-driver`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each of the JS benchmarks has an equivalent in Rust. For JS benchmarks, `driver` parameter determines which driver is tested. It can be `scylladb-javascript-driver ` or ` cassandra-driver`. 
```

Before running the benchmarks in Rust, remember to build them with flags `--bin -r`

- **concurrent insert**

> This benchmark uses `executeConcurrent` endpoint to insert `n` row containing `uuid` and `int` into the database. Afterwards, it checks that the number of rows inserted is correct.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This benchmark uses `executeConcurrent` endpoint to insert `n` rows containing `uuid` and `int` into the database. Afterwards, it checks that the number of rows inserted is correct.
```

JS: 
```
node concurrent_insert.js <driver> <Number of queries>
```
Rust:
```

> CNT=<Number of queries (default 100)> cargo run --bin concurrent_insert_benchmark -r

Reviewer: We no longer have default value

```

- **insert**

This benchmark executes `n` `client.execute` queries, that insert a single row containing `uuid` and `int` waiting for the result of the previous query before executing the next one.

JS: 
```
node insert.js <driver> <Number of queries>
```
Rust:
```
CNT=<Number of queries (default 100)> cargo run --bin insert_benchmark -r
```

- **concurrent_select**

> Firstly, it inserts 10 rows containing `uuid` and `int`. This benchmark uses `executeConcurrent` endpoint to select `n` rows containing `uuid` and `int` from the database.

Reviewer: Does it select n rows, or n times selects all the rows?

> Firstly, it inserts 10 rows containing `uuid` and `int`. This benchmark uses `executeConcurrent` endpoint to select `n` rows containing `uuid` and `int` from the database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This benchmark first inserts `10` rows containing `uuid` and `int`. Afterwards it uses `executeConcurrent` endpoint `n` times to select all of the rows containing `uuid` and `int` from the database.
```

> Firstly, it iserts 10 rows containing `uuid` and `int`. This benchmark uses `executeConcurrent` endpoint to select `n` row containing `uuid` and `int` from the database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Firstly, it inserts 10 rows containing `uuid` and `int`. This benchmark uses `executeConcurrent` endpoint to select `n` rows containing `uuid` and `int` from the database.
```

- **concurrent_select**

> This benchmark first inserts `10` rows containing `uuid` and `int`. Afterwards it uses `executeConcurrent` endpoint `n` times to select all of the rows containing `uuid` and `int` from the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This benchmark first inserts `10` rows containing `uuid` and `int`. Afterwards it uses `executeConcurrent` endpoint `n` times to select all of the inserted rows from the database.
```

node concurrent_select.js <driver> <Number of queries>
```
Rust:
```
CNT=<Number of queries (default 100)> cargo run --bin concurrent_select_benchmark -r
```

- **select**

> Firstly, it inserts 10 rows containing `uuid` and `int`. 
> This benchmark executes `n` `client.execute` queries, that select rows containing `uuid` and `int` waiting for the result of the previous query before executing the next one

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This benchmark first inserts 10 rows containing `uuid` and `int`. Afterwards it executes `n` `client.execute` queries, that select rows containing `uuid` and `int` waiting for the result of the previous query before executing the next one
```

JS: 
```
node select.js <driver> <Number of queries>
```
Rust:
```
CNT=<Number of queries (default 100)> cargo run --bin select_benchmark -r
```

> 

Reviewer: Trailing empty lines
